Exploratory Testing
Summary
Take some time to explore the app and find your selectors. We’ll use this time to prep for both manual and automation tests.

App Overview
This is an app that can hold character information. Users should be able to view all characters or one character at a time. Characters can be deleted from the list. Users should also be able to add characters. When adding a character, only 3 “likes” will be saved. Using the form on the left, users can get back characters over a certain age.

Steps
1.In your lab folder, create a file for notes.

2.As you explore the app, take note of things you notice. Try to find some user flows. Formulate ideas of what you want to test.

3.As you’re figuring out your tests, also take note of what selectors you might use to get the UI elements for automation later.

This is an app that can hold character information. Users should be able to view all characters or one character at a time. Characters can be deleted from the list. Users should also be able to add characters. When adding a character, only 3 “likes” will be saved. Using the form on the left, users can get back characters over a certain age.

we can create a character with just using name.
if we want to delete it ,delete button does not work.

we can create a character using 000 age.
it also does not deleted.

when we click the character it will show at the buttom of the page.

Questions
Answer the questions below in the file where you kept your exploratory notes.

1.What is the primary purpose for quality assurance?
-->uality assurance (QA) is a way of preventing mistakes and defects in manufactured products and avoiding problems when delivering products or services to customers

2.How can using acceptance criteria improve the overall quality of an application?
--->Acceptance criteria synchronize the visions of the client and the development team.

3.Why is planning such an important part of the testing process?
--->A comprehensive approach to testing can reduce risk while finding problems earlier, which reduces time to fix, time to market, and overall cost. 

4.Why is it important to have clear steps to reproduce a bug included in a bug report?
--->This should explain all about what comes in the bug. The Bug title should be suggestive enough that the reader can understand it. A clear bug title makes it easy to understand and the reader can know if the bug has been reported earlier or has been fixed.